table partition: exchange partition feature (#10364)
pingcap/docs: partitioned-table.md

`EXCHANGE PARTITION` works by swapping a partition and a non-partitioned table, similar to how renaming a table like `RENAME TABLE t1 TO t1_tmp, t2 TO t1, t1_tmp TO t2` works.

For example, `ALTER TABLE partitioned_table EXCHANGE PARTITION p1 WITH TABLE non_partitioned_table` swaps the `partitioned_table` table `p1` partition with the `non_partitioned_table` table.

Ensure that all rows that you are exchanging into the partition match the partition definition; otherwise, the statement will fail.

Note that TiDB has some specific features that might affect `EXCHANGE PARTITION`. When the table structure contains such features, you need to ensure that `EXCHANGE PARTITION` meets the [MySQL's EXCHANGE PARTITION condition](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/partitioning-management-exchange.html). Meanwhile, ensure that these specific features are defined the same for both partitioned and non-partitioned tables. These specific features include the following:

> * [Placement Rules in SQL](/placement-rules-in-sql.md): placement policies are the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">

* [Placement Rules in SQL](/placement-rules-in-sql.md): placement policies are the same.

</CustomContent>

```

> For example, `ALTER TABLE partitioned_table EXCHANGE PARTITION p1 WITH TABLE non_partitioned_table` swaps the `non_partitioned_table` table in the `p1` partition with the `partitioned_table` table.

Reviewer 2: Maybe also make this more correct?

```suggestion
For example, `ALTER TABLE partitioned_table EXCHANGE PARTITION p1 WITH TABLE non_partitioned_table` swaps the `partitioned_table` table `p1` partition with the `non_partitioned_table` table.
```

> Ensure that all rows that you are exchanging into the partition match the partition definition; otherwise, exchange will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that all rows that you are exchanging into the partition match the partition definition; otherwise, the exchange will fail.
```

> Ensure that all rows that you are exchanging into the partition match the partition definition; otherwise, the exchange will fail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure that all rows that you are exchanging into the partition match the partition definition; otherwise, the statement will fail.
```

Note that TiDB has some specific features that might affect `EXCHANGE PARTITION`. When the table structure contains such features, you need to ensure that `EXCHANGE PARTITION` meets the [MySQL's EXCHANGE PARTITION condition](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/partitioning-management-exchange.html). Meanwhile, ensure that these specific features are defined the same for both partitioned and non-partitioned tables. These specific features include the following:

* [Placement Rules in SQL](/placement-rules-in-sql.md)：Placement Policies are the same.
* [TiFlash](/tikv-overview.md)：The numbers of TiFlash Replica are the same

> * [Clustered Indexes](/clustered-indexes.md): Both partitioned and non-partitioned tables are both clustered indexes, or neither is clustered index.

Author: ```suggestion
* [Clustered Indexes](/clustered-indexes.md): Both partitioned and non-partitioned tables are both `CLUSTERED` , or both `NONCLUSTERED`.
```

> In addition, there are limitations on the compatibility of `EXCHANGE PARTITION` with other components. Both partitioned and non-partitioned tables must be consistent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, there are limitations on the compatibility of `EXCHANGE PARTITION` with other components. Both partitioned and non-partitioned tables must have the same definition.
```

> - TiFlash: when the TiFlash Replica definitions in partitioned and non-partitioned tables are different, the `EXCHANGE PARTITION` operation cannot be performed.

Author: ```suggestion
- TiFlash: when the TiFlash replica definitions in partitioned and non-partitioned tables are different, the `EXCHANGE PARTITION` operation cannot be performed.
```

- TiCDC: TiCDC replicates the `EXCHANGE PARTITION` operation when both partitioned and non-partitioned tables have primary keys or unique keys. Otherwise, TiCDC will not replicate the operation.

> - TiDB Lightning and BR: do not perform the `EXCHANGE PARTITION` operation during import and restore using TiDB Lightning and BR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- TiDB Lightning and BR: do not perform the `EXCHANGE PARTITION` operation during import using TiDB Lightning or during restore using BR.
```

> - Lightning and BR: do not perform the `EXCHANGE PARTITION` operation during import and restore using Lightning and BR.

Author: ```suggestion
- TiDB Lightning and BR: do not perform the `EXCHANGE PARTITION` operation during import and restore using TiDB Lightning and BR.
```

* [Placement Rules in SQL](/placement-rules-in-sql.md)：Placement Policies are the same.
* [TiFlash](/tikv-overview.md)：The numbers of TiFlash Replica are the same
* [Clustered Indexes](/clustered-indexes.md): Both partitioned and non-partitioned tables are both clustered indexes, or neither is clustered index.

In addition, there are limitations on the compatibility of `EXCHANGE PARTITION` with other components. Both partitioned and non-partitioned tables must be consistent.

- TiFlash：when the TiFlash Replica definitions in partitioned and non-partitioned tables are different, the `EXCHANGE PARTITION` operation cannot be performed.
- TiCDC：TiCDC replicates the `EXCHANGE PARTITION` operation when both partitioned and non-partitioned tables have primary keys or unique keys. Otherwise, TiCDC will not replicate the operation.

> - Lightning and BR：do not perform `EXCHANGE PARTITION` operations during import and restore using Lightning and BR.

Reviewer 3: operations -> operation ?

Author: OK fixed

> - Lightning and BR：do not perform `EXCHANGE PARTITION` operations during import and restore using Lightning and BR.

Author: ```suggestion
- Lightning and BR：do not perform the `EXCHANGE PARTITION` operation during import and restore using Lightning and BR.
```
